Adds command 'tenant people profilecardproperty add'. Closes #5617 (#5624)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/tenant/people/people-profilecardproperty-add.mdx

# tenant people profilecardproperty add

Adds an additional attribute to the profile card properties

## Usage

```sh
m365 tenant people profilecardproperty add [options]
```

## Options

```md definition-list
`-n, --name <name>`
: The name of the property to add. Allowed values: `userPrincipalName`, `fax`, `streetAddress`, `postalCode`, `stateOrProvince`, `alias`, `customAttribute1`, `customAttribute2`, `customAttribute3`, `customAttribute4`, `customAttribute5`, `customAttribute6`, `customAttribute7`, `customAttribute8`, `customAttribute9`, `customAttribute10`, `customAttribute11`, `customAttribute12`, `customAttribute13`, `customAttribute14`, `customAttribute15`

`-d, --displayName [displayName]`
: The display name of a property, only use this together with a custom extension attribute.
```

<Global />

## Remarks

:::info

To use this command you must be either **Tenant Administrator** or **Global Administrator**.

:::

:::info

You can specify localized values for the `displayName` as well. These can be entered by suffixing the displayName option with a language code: `--displayName-nl-NL "Kostencentrum"`, `--displayName-de "Kostenstelle"`.

:::

> 

Reviewer: @martinlingstuyl, I'll add this remark as well if that is okay for you.

```suggestion

:::caution

When adding an attribute to a profile card, it takes up to 24 hours for the addition to be displayed.

:::

```

```sh
m365 tenant people profilecardproperty add --name userPrincipalName
```

Add a custom extension attribute _Cost Center_ as a profile property to the profile cards properties

```sh
m365 tenant people profilecardproperty add --name customAttribute1 --displayName 'Cost Center'
```

Add a custom extension attribute _Cost Center_ as a profile property to the profile cards properties with a Dutch localization

```sh
m365 tenant people profilecardproperty add --name customAttribute1 --displayName 'Cost Center' --displayName-nl-NL 'Kostencentrum'
```

## Response

### Standard response

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="JSON">

  ```json
  {
    "directoryPropertyName": "userPrincipalName",
    "annotations": []
  }
  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Text">

  ```text
  annotations          : []
  directoryPropertyName: userPrincipalName
  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="CSV">

  ```csv
  directoryPropertyName
  userPrincipalName
  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Markdown">

  ```md
  # tenant people profilecardproperty add --name 'userPrincipalName'

  Date: 11/2/2023

  Property | Value
  ---------|-------
  directoryPropertyName | userPrincipalName
  ```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Response with an customAttribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Response with a customAttribute
```

When we make use of one of the customAttributes, the response will differ. 

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="JSON">

  ```json
  {
    "directoryPropertyName": "customAttribute1",
    "annotations": [
      {
        "displayName": "Cost center",
        "localizations": [
          {
            "languageTag": "nl-NL",
            "displayName": "Kostenplaats"
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Text">

  ```text
  directoryPropertyName: customAttribute1
  displayName          : Cost center
  displayName nl-NL    : Kostenplaats
  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="CSV">

  ```csv
  directoryPropertyName,displayName,displayName nl-NL
  customAttribute1,Cost center,Kostenplaats
  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Markdown">

  ```md
  # tenant people profilecardproperty add --name 'customAttribute1' --displayName 'Cost center' --displayName-nl-NL 'Kostenplaats'

  Date: 11/2/2023

  Property | Value
  ---------|-------
  directoryPropertyName | customAttribute1
  displayName           | Cost center
  displayName nl-NL     | Kostenplaats
  ```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## More information

> - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/add-properties-profilecard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/add-properties-profilecard
```

import Global from '/docs/cmd/_global.mdx';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# tenant people profilecardproperty add

> Adds a custom attribute as a profile card property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds an additional attribute to the user profile card properties
```

Author: it's not called user profile card in the docs, so I'll leave user out.

## Usage

```sh
m365 tenant people profilecardproperty add [options]
```

## Options

```md definition-list
`-n, --name <name>`

> : The name of the property to add. Allowed values: `userPrincipalName`, `faxNumber`, `streetAddress`, `postalCode`, `state`, `mailNickname`, `customAttribute1`, `customAttribute2`, `customAttribute3`, `customAttribute4`, `customAttribute5`, `customAttribute6`, `customAttribute7`, `customAttribute8`, `customAttribute9`, `customAttribute10`, `customAttribute11`, `customAttribute12`, `customAttribute13`, `customAttribute14`, `customAttribute15`

Author: I'll resolve this as it's incorrect...
